Most B2B and SAS companies are still
struggling to run a successful outbound
motion. Well, it's time to fix that. I'm
joined by Charlotte Ku, who's head of
marketing over at Events Air. We'll be
sharing exactly what Charlotte's seeing
in the field as a B2B and SAS marketing
leader and what works for outbound sales
today to drive a steady flow of demos
and inbound leads. We'll be diving into
things like what are the fundamentals
you need in place across customer
research, messaging, and more. What
channels you should consider things like
email. Is it cold calling? Is it
LinkedIn outreach? Is it lump email? Is
it something else? We'll be talking
about the hardlearn mistakes that many
B2B and SAS teams make so you can avoid
them yourself. We'll be talking about
what you should consider if you sell
into different regions and the main
things to think about. We'll be sharing
how outbound feeds into your wider brand
and marketing strategy, especially if
you're selling higher ticket software or
services, and we'll be running an entire
playbook step by step of how marketing
and sales can work together to build a
solid outbound engine. Let's dive into
it.
Hey, Charlotte, please give everyone a
quick intro to yourself and what you're
up to.
>> Hi, Sam. Nice to see you and nice to be
here on the podcast with you today. So
I've been working in the SAS industry
for about 10 years now. Starting for a
venue and event management software
organization based in the US and now
working for another event management
software organization head headquartered
in Australia. I'm currently working as
the head of marketing for the company
driving all of their marketing
initiative around the globe. So
everything from inbound to outbound
partnership and other marketing related
activities that you can think of.
>> Awesome. Looking forward to diving in.
So, we're going to be talking all things
outbound sales and you're going to be
sharing some of the secrets and what has
worked, what hasn't worked, what so many
B2B and SAS companies get painfully
wrong. Cuz I'm sure Charlotte, if you're
anything like me, I'm probably getting
20, 30 cold outreaches a day through my
inbox, through my LinkedIn inbox,
through my email. Also, with this
podcast, we get pitched for that on top
of anything else. So, it's it's almost
non-stop. So, I think it's going to be
useful for folks. We have a lot of
marketing leaders and founders tuning in
on how you can get the right targeting,
how you can break through the noise, how
you can actually get positive responses
to your cold outbound. So, we'll talk
about some of the mistakes to avoid,
what you're seeing working, how folks
tuning in can implement it, and also how
marketing should be kind of working with
sales when it comes to building this
program. So, first and foremost, why is
it that so much outbound messaging,
calls or emails or whatever it might be,
why why is it so bad when it comes to
B2B and SAS companies? I think the
primary mistake that a lot of
organization do with outbound and
especially probably like smaller
organizations but having said that I
think some of the big ones do the same
mistake is just trying to go to broad so
it's it's not about reaching out to
everyone at once and just like see
what's happening and see who's going to
get back to you. to your point, there's
a lot happening in the outbound space
and we all receive like dozens of emails
every day with from people trying to
sell us something. So if you don't have
a good understanding of your ideal
customer profile, so your ICP really who
they are, what they need, and when they
need your services, it's very hard for
you to be able to cut through the noise.
And I think from my experience and you
know I've been there like we've all
tried to do outbound you know very
different ways and just starting with
what you can as well and just throwing
the net very wide and see what you can
catch and the reality is not only it's
not really working it's a lot of it can
be a lot of efforts but also it can be
very damaging for your reputation. So
you don't want that. You want to be very
mindful about how you approach outbound
activities and it starts with a very
good understanding of who is your ICP,
what are their pain points, how do they
operate, how you know what are their
priorities and really making it more
about them than about you. Starting your
outborn email about hey we're even say
we do this going to chat probably not
going to always work right like it's
show them that you understand who they
are. show them that you you done some
research around them and like you know
you understand their business and their
pain point and what they may be going
through. So that's probably the first
thing for me.
>> Yeah, I think that's a good place to
start for sure. I think most of us have
been there. I certainly have in my early
days running sales like trying to target
almost anyone and everyone whether that
was an email list or a cold calling list
or whatever it might be. And it just
makes everything easier when you've got
a specific list like you say of target
prospects that actually one probably
have the problem that you solve, two
probably have the cash to be able to
invest in your solution and three
ideally have historically kind of bought
well into your software. If you've got
that data in your CRM, you can see that
this type of industry, this demographic,
this job title, this region and so
forth.
>> Yeah.
>> You know that previously they've been a
good fit. So why not go after more of
the same?
>> Definitely. Yeah. Absolutely. And I
think that today we have a lot of
technology and systems that are
available to help with this kind of
initiatives as well. So we used a
platform initially that was not
necessarily a good fit for us because
they just had like that big contact list
right like and you have standard filters
and we would just go for it and try to
find the right people into that list.
But the reality is that we have quite a
complex ICP at event. So we work and we
deliver services and solutions for event
professionals. they are very very busy.
They, you know, they don't have a lot of
time. They run everywhere. So the idea
is to make sure that whenever we reach
out to them that we try to find the
right time to talk to them. Like it's
not about mailing them thousands of time
and just hope that for once they're
going to open the email. So there's a
lot of signals that we know to be true
like when is their event taking place.
Things like reaching out to them just
before the event. It's probably not the
good time. They're very busy. They're
running around. They're just trying to
get the event done. But once the event
is done, you know, like this is where
they start thinking about what went
well, what were the pain points, you
know, like what they should think
differently and or consider differently
next time as well. So, and part of the
things they may be reconsidering at that
time is the event technology that
they've been using. Did it work for
them? Did they experience any pain
point? And if that's the case, it's
sometimes for us what we find to be a
good time to actually reach out to them
and be like, "Hey, how did you go with
this event? Was there anything that you
struggled with?" and then we can start a
conversation this way. So very much
being able to identify our ICP this way
like around key events state for them
around like the the characteristic of
their event um understanding if they had
some sponsors if they have a requirement
for strike management understanding if
they use another piece of text. So those
are all the type of insights that is
allowing us to get better at our
outbound because not only we can send we
can target the right person but we can
make sure we target them with the right
messaging and at the right time as well.
As I said you know like you've got a lot
of system so for us we use clay to help
us with that. It's a very powerful
platform and we just get a lot of
insights from from that platform so that
we can really get that messaging right
and the right contact and also just not
emailing everyone at once. Like we
really want to make sure that we reach
out to those people that we that we want
to connect with that we know could
benefit from our services. Attentional.
We're very intentional about it.
>> Yeah. And I think that's that's useful.
Real quick, if you haven't yet, why not
join thousands of B2B and SAS marketing
legends enjoying the breaking B2B
newsletter? You'll instantly unlock my
90 days to revenue SEO and AEO playbook
and video guide. Head over to
breakingb2b.com and hit the newsletter
tab or hit the link in the description
below. Right, back to the video. So,
would you say there's at a foundational
level there's like core things you need
to think about when it comes to
outbound? I.e., you've talked about
getting the right ICP. We've talked
about the timing.
>> Um, we talked a little bit about kind of
the target and the messaging. And I
think you mentioned there about kind of
some intent filters as well. Would you
say there's kind of fundamental things
before you even start building a
program, whether that's going to be cold
email, whether that's going to be
LinkedIn message, whether that's going
to be cold calling, whether that's going
to be a mix of mix of three, maybe some
direct mail, some lumpy mail as well,
depending on what what you're throwing
in the mix. But would you say there's
kind of foundational things you got to
nail before you even think about
actually getting into it? I think it's
sometimes it's a bit hard to know where
to start with this. Like obviously like
everything in marketing until you start
testing you don't really know what's
working or what's not working. So a
combination of like touch point is
always best. So we do have a mix of
emails, phone calls, LinkedIn
connections and so on included in all of
our sequences and we just try a few
things so we can see how people react to
you know to the emails versus the phone
calls and so on. Other things to take
into consideration as well is regional
differences like what is to be true for
one specific region might be very
different for another region. And for
example, because we've been in Australia
for so long, we have a very strong brand
presence and you know we've been doing
more outbound activities here for a very
long time. So we kind of have a recipe
that's working. But when it comes to the
US, you know, we're kind of learning how
that works there. And we know that here
in Australia whenever we have our team
like our bidas our account executives
giving a call to those prospect they
tend to be able to get a hold of them
like people do pick up the phone in
Australia and they're happy to have a
chat like not all the time but they
manage to get those phone calls across
while in the US it's much more
challenging people don't pick up the
phone in the US they just don't want to
talk to anyone if you call from a number
that they don't know which is very
interesting you know it's a difference
that we didn't know about initially so
now It's about okay well what you know
how do we adapt those sequences on those
touch points to be able to get through
them and SMS works much better in the US
like you know people won't pick up the
phone but if you text them you have more
chances of getting a reply so these are
like the the differences that we noticed
to be true for our ideal customer
profile at least there may be some
differences between industries but um I
think that's that's one thing to take
into consideration and working very
closely with your sales team as well
like they are the ones talking to those
people every single day. So already
understanding from them what's their
experience like with the sequence that
you have in place, what's working, when
is it blocking, you can analyze the data
and obviously the data gives you a lot
but be open to test a few things with
your team until you find the right like
the right recipe for your outbound
strategy as well. And once again, one
region may be asking to do something one
way and and another different way. And
it's not because it's going to work for
one that we need to adopt the same
approach. It can be very different and
we're already very much seeing this
between APAC region versus the European
region versus the US region. So we have
a different approach for each of these.
>> Got it. Oh yeah, it's vastly different.
I mean some areas in Europe, you're not
I believe you're not actually allowed to
cold call, right?
>> Yeah, definitely. In terms of GDPR
regulation, it's definitely much more
challenging when you come when it comes
to the European Union. So yeah, that's a
completely different world. Were there
any other surprises as well as you
mentioned US, it was super difficult to
get a hold of folks on the phone. Were
there any other surprises you folks saw
when you branched out from Australia to
other regions?
>> I think like Southeast Asia is also a
very interesting region because not only
you've got the touch points, but it's
also the messaging. The way that you're
going to write your emails and present
yourself needs to be slightly different
in this region. So, you know, there's a
lot more formality when it comes to
Singapore as an example. like you know
they they're not as friendly or I
shouldn't say friendly maybe it's not
the right term but it's it's much more
like formal and you know like dear Mrs.
dear Mr. on these kind of things you
won't get away with a hi Sam what's up
today.
So that's you know that can work for
some countries but not all of them. So
it's also understanding these cultural
differences if I can say so that you can
really make sure that you present your
messaging in a respectful way and that
you approach those individuals and
organization in a thoughtful manner as
well in your strategy and in your
delivery.
>> Got it. I suppose at a high level for
any marketing leaders or founders that
are tuning into this like pretending
that they've perhaps done some of the
basics. They they know who their ICP is.
They've got a decent idea of backed by
kind of customer research, customer
support, sales calls, kind of the main
two or three problems that dream clients
are coming to them to solve and how
they're kind of well positioned to fix
it. pretending they've got kind of that
basic information and then maybe they've
got access to, I don't know, some kind
of intent data or maybe they're working
off kind of prospects that have visited
key pages on their website and looking
to reach out to those folks either via
phone call or via email or LinkedIn
outreach, what whatever cadence makes
sense. Is there any structure that you
folks have seen that works quite well in
terms of a particular channel, a
particular kind of messaging format? cuz
I know when I get outreached to for
example on cold email I'm a big fan and
I always do the same of painfully short
messages like literally I think when the
funny story is for anyone that doesn't
know I I actually event are a customer
of us at breaking B2B
>> and that was ironically outach it was an
outbound yeah definitely
>> pretty much two years ago when I started
the company because we're bootstrap we
didn't have much cash at all one of the
first things that came to mind was I'll
get a list of SAS marketing leaders
which Kelly your CMO I was the
unfortunate recipant of. And uh I'll
find someone that knows how to set up a
cold email system. I'll get this list. I
use painfully short messages in the
email sequence like super short. It was
like most marketing leaders tell me that
demos are down like this quarter. I've
got a weird idea that might ramp up
organic leads from SEO. Do you want me
to send over a Loom video? I think it
was something super short like that.
That that's my approach, but who knows
if that's if that's the best way. It
worked for you folks, but it didn't work
for many others.
>> Yeah. And I think you know what you got
right with your approach at the time was
it was the right time. We were looking
for an SEO partner at the time. So you
know we were actively in that research
phase for it. I think that your message
to your point was short. It was about
solving our problem. it was not about
you and it was quite personalized and I
remember your followup you know you
really took the time to make it about
event and how you could really solve our
problems and it's sometimes very hard
and I get it with outbound to be able to
personalize to that extent but it's also
why it's not just about the quantity
once again it's about get a list maybe
even focus on like 10 outbound a week
per account executive you know you give
them that list a bit of an accountbased
marketing approach and you just give
them as much data as you can around
around around those people that you have
on that list, which is what we do, you
know, like we get those 10 contacts and
we know everything about their event,
the structure of their event, when it's
happening, you know, like the complexity
of the event, what type of technology
they may be using. So any type of
information we can have so that we can
then have those sequences that are being
updated with specific variables. So we
can use those key words that are going
to resonate with them and really make
sure that they're like they did some
research. They know who we are. They
understand our events. I'm actually my
last event didn't go very well. I might
be, you know, interested in just
exploring what else is out there and
those guys know about me and they
understand me. So I think those are like
the kind of things that work quite well.
Email is very good. It works very well.
I think across all regions for us. This
is what we've seen. As I said, when it
comes to phone calls, there's some
differences. So UK works well. Uh
Australia, New Zealand, we're having
some successes as well. Terrible in the
US. Uh like we don't seem to be able to
get through, but SMS works very well in
the US. LinkedIn overall is a good
platform. Like we've we've seen some
good success here. Once again, depends
on how you approach it. Obviously,
always make it more about your prospect
first rather than being too much about
yourself. Um this is what you want. It's
really showing them that you care and
that you're interested in their
challenges and that you want to help
them do better. So yeah, I think those
are like the few things that we that we
really look at that seem to be working
well for us at this stage. As I said,
just be open to try different things
with your sales team. Like sometimes
having a preset sequence may not be the
solution. Like you know, you may want to
move things around. You may want to
start with an email or then if you see
you have more success with phone calls
and that emails aren't necessarily being
open and start with a phone call. Why
not, you know, and then follow up with
an email and this kind of thing. So I I
don't think there's just like one thing
that fits all. It's really try and
reset, you know, again and again just
until you get it right.
>> Oh, definitely. I think a lot of
marketing in sales is take the
fundamentals. Take what you can and then
experiment, right? Like like you said,
especially with companies like yours
that are working cross region because
there's so many differences. But not
only that, channels like Cold Email,
it's it's changing so fast.
>> It does. It does. folks are almost like
I'm sure the same like I'm almost almost
immune to to certain messages cuz you
can you can literally just flick it in
the home screen of your phone and you
almost know straight away if it's kind
of relevant to you or not. It's got to
be quite vastly different to grab
attention right now. And I almost think
like the messages I sent you folks 2
years ago probably wouldn't work now.
>> It changes so fast so fast. And another
thing to consider as well is your
subject line. You know, make it short.
Sometimes a question can be a good like
a good way to attract attention. So, you
know, like see see what can resonate and
and test a few things. Always test and
you know, like if you seem to be getting
somewhere with like a specific subject
line that seems to be working better uh
in terms of opening rate, then good,
keep going. But then if you see that
people open the email but they don't
react to the messaging. Let's try to
tweak a few things in there. See until
we can, you know, get some level of
responses. I also think a few things
that's really helping us is you know
whenever we have customer calls or calls
with prospect now with AI and what you
have available you know you can have
clear transcript on not only what's been
discussed in the call but also what
worked what resonated with the prospect
you know what was the pain points and
the blockers and I think all of this
gives you insights and I've always been
very passionate about it's important to
take the time to listen to those calls
but I'm also conscious that we're all
very time poor and it does take time to
do this. And I think we now have access
to technology that allows us to unlock
even more insights to be able to refine
our messaging to really be able to
understand what is it that is working
when we talk to those people versus what
is it that we're actually not able to
sell well. You know, what are some of
the things that doesn't seem to resonate
with our target audience? So, we stop
focusing on that and we make sure we
focus on the right things.
>> Yeah, it's good advice. I don't think
most companies could go wrong just
getting access to their sales school
transcripts and like you said now you
don't really need to listen to them like
you can do but you could just run them
through you could just literally
download the transcripts run them
through a tool like chat GPT ask chatt
for a detailed prompt like tell me the
top three or four pain points that are
most prominent tell me the exact
language that prospects use to describe
their problem tell me the impact of not
fixing it tell me what their job to be
done is what their motivations are and
all that kind of stuff and you can just
break that down into a few bullet points
and if you keep doing that, you're going
to really stay up to date with kind of
what's going on on your sales team's
discovery calls or maybe what's going on
with their initial prospecting calls and
kind of what's being uncovered there and
then maybe further along in customer
success like what what keeps being a
bottleneck with our product or all that
kind of stuff that you can then leverage
for your messaging and keep it present,
keep it up to date.
>> Exactly. Yeah. understanding how things
evolve and I think it's true for every
single industry because everything moves
so fast in our world today like
technology is one thing but like it
moves fast everything changes critically
every single day almost and like you
said before what was true like a year
ago is probably not true today. So
having today the opportunity to have
access to the transcript, to really have
access to those insights and be able to
stay current with those changes and
those trends in your industry, it's just
going to be key to be able to keep your
messaging relevant again and again and
just make sure you don't, you know, like
become obsolete and that people are just
like, "Oh my god, this was like a two
years ago message. This is so, you know,
outdated now. Leave me alone."
>> Yeah. Yeah. And is there anything else
that you'd say is important for
marketers to to help the sales team with
when they're getting stuck into this
activity? And is there anything you
think the marketing team should be
responsible for? And likewise, the sales
team should should own their side.
>> You know, what what we're seeing here
and look, we're still refining some of
that messaging, you know, every day and
also like trying to find the best
approach for each region at times. But
it's really keeping that open mind and
that open line of communication between
both teams like if if you can do this
and I know that it's like tell us what's
you know what are the blockers that
you're seeing what's the frustration
that you're having with the current
process and be open to that and vice
versa you know like getting the sales
team to understand the process that is
being implemented and the why behind
that you know this is why we're doing it
this way this is why we're taking that
approach I think is going to be critical
to that success as like you just need an
ongoing collaboration between the two
parties for outbound to be successful
and being able to maintain that
partnership is going to be critical at
every step. So for us it's an weekly
connect with you know the sales team and
be like how did you go with the last you
know batch of contact that you got and
is there anything we should review and
you know like kind of understanding that
but also as I said before being able to
talk to them to to understand like
what's working if you don't talk to them
it's like how do we know that phone
calls are just being such a pain yes we
can look at the record but we can also
just assume uh you're not trying hard
enough which is not the case it's just,
you know, it's like actually people just
don't pick up. So, okay, let's work
together to find, you know, to think of
something else and try something new.
So, yeah, that's for me that's the main
thing.
>> Got it. And it sounds like you folks are
seeing success kind of going for more of
a tighter list, less volume, but it
sounds like a more personalized
approach. I suppose looking it from the
other angle that works if you've kind of
got a decent ticket size solution. I'd
imagine if you're selling kind of lower
ticket SAS, then you probably have to go
higher volume just because the time
involved to get get a hold of these
prospects might necessarily work out.
But on the basis you've got kind of a
mid ticket or above kind of SAS or B2B
solution or service. I believe that can
make sense. Outside of that, is there
anything else kind of you'd want someone
to take away with kind of what you think
that the general process that you're
seeing in the market right now really
works or anything different I guess that
initially you thought this is a bit
weird or this is a bit unusual that has
actually worked quite nicely for you
folks. I think like a few things that
work very well as well for us that has
been quite successful has been sometimes
some outborn activities where you not
necessarily try to pitch the solution
initially or even not necessarily always
being about ah you know we understand
this is your painoint or something like
that which has been about giving them
something and then you know people are
just like ah that's so nice yes I would
love to actually learn more about who
you are so all of our activities when we
want to invite people to our VIP events
for example. This is working extremely
well and sometimes people are just email
answering and be like I'm sorry I'm not
available but actually I would love to
know more about who you are and what you
do and the first email is absolutely not
about us. It's about hey we're
organizing that VIP event where we're
trying to connect event planners
together just so that you guys can share
best practices and challenges and what
you're seeing in the industry and that's
happening on that day. Would you be free
to join us? and it's just like a
different conversation starter. So, I
think that's surprising in the sense
that I'm like, of course, you know,
everyone would be up for like free
breakfast in the morning or something
like this. Why not? But
>> sounds good.
>> Yeah. Right. But the surprising thing
for me was more that some people would
just be like, "Oh, I'm not available.
However, I'd love to learn more about
you." Even though that's absolutely not
what the message was about initially. So
that's sometimes you know this kind of
approach can actually work even better
than just the traditional outbound
method where you're just trying to pitch
a solution or you know like and get to
have a meeting with them to sell your
product. So think about what can you
give them and the main challenge could
be today you know to break for the noise
is that a lot of people would probably
give you a piece of content or something
like that which is you know why not this
is great but think about how can you be
different in what you have to offer you
know that's really going to help you
stand out and if you do give a piece of
content and you know like you want to
take more that soft outbound approach if
I can say because you're not really try
like you're just providing value value
before you ask something in return which
is an excellent approach for outborn and
this is what people should be doing.
Don't necessarily gate the content that
you're sending them. Like just don't
people don't want to have to fill in a
form to be able to access to that
information. So make it available like
build that trust. Show them, you know,
what you have and and just don't be shy,
you know, like to do it because that's
actually the first step to building that
trust as well, which I think is another
thing that works very well. Focusing on
the value that you give them rather than
always trying to get. Yeah, I think
inviting folks to stuff is is brilliant.
It's worked really well for us like
through various channels actually over
the years like inviting marketing
leaders to the podcast in the cold email
sense like inviting folks to get a free
Loom video review in your sense inviting
folks to your event. So, it's not always
like a direct sales ask in the back of
their mind. They know they're getting
outreach. they kind of have a rough idea
like there there's something in it but
it's like you say it's actually
something that the prospect is likely to
be genuinely interested in because it
can help them or they could learn
something or they could enjoy it or they
can discuss what's going on with their
peers or something like that. So, it's
more like I guess taking that customer
research initially, knowing what your
target your dream clients actually care
about, knowing something that they're
likely going to want to do, whether
that's an event, a podcast, a review of
something or whatever it may be, and
then teeing up in that sense. And that
way, even if they don't necessarily have
interest in your product, your solution
now, they'll have a good experience with
your company.
>> Yeah, exactly. Um and you know like
thing to keep in mind as well it's like
only 5% generally of your total
addressable market is actively in market
you know in an active buying cycle. So
it means that you still have 95% of that
market that is worth just building a
relationship with and not trying to sell
them something necessarily. And it's
like how do you build that connection
and that relationship and that trust so
that down the track whenever they are
ready and whenever they start
considering solutions you're actually
top of mind for them. So you're one of
the provider if not the only one that
they would come to and be like hey we
talked a while ago. I remember that you
guys are doing this. I'd love to start
exploring further. So there's definitely
different like I think different type of
messaging in outbound you know and once
again it goes back to the intent data
that we were talking about earlier. It's
understanding is it the right time to
actually start pitching your solution
like are they do we think that they are
in an active buying cycle right now
versus are we just trying to build this
relationship and and play the longterm
game if you will. So
>> yeah. Yeah. It's so true. I mean, if
you're like us, when like your minimum
deal size is 50K plus a year, people
just don't suddenly wake up and decide
to buy what we what we sell. It takes a
lot of consideration, multiple
stakeholders. A lot of offline
conversations we'll never hear about. As
a prime example, we had someone that
followed our newsletter, I think for
three or four years, and reached out
recently. He was in Australia, funny
enough, and he just messaged me. I was
like, he's like, "Sam, let's book a
call." I was like, "Who are you?" I've
been following your newsletter for 4
years. I was like, "Oh, wow. That's
crazy." And it just shows you that
sometimes finding the way in to break
through the noise with something that's
genuinely helpful to the prospect based
on what your research around them and
then keeping top of mind and then
marketing kind of leveraging the assets
that they can provide. If that's ABM or
if that's a newsletter or if that's
something else that's kind of keeps you
steadily in front of that prospect over
time and it's just crazy how some of
these inbounds come to life even after
years and years of
>> Yeah, definitely
>> time. completely. We see that a lot with
growing organic and like brand search
terms as well on our side, you know,
like very much all of that which shows
the impact on all those activities on
the long term, you know, as well.
>> Yeah, for sure. Cool. Well, really
enjoyed the the conversation. Please do
tell us more about how one tuning in can
learn more about yourself, get in touch,
connect with you or anything you want to
share.
>> Sure. I think uh best way to connect
would be on LinkedIn. So easy. My first
name and my last name, which as you
probably guessed is French. So Charlotte
Ko uh you can go and find me there. I'm
always very open to talk everything
around obviously outbound but also
inborn. I love anything that is related
to not only marketing but also sales. I
love understanding and talking about
sales motions and you know what's
happening in that space. So anyone who
would like to have a chat about that and
you know like talk about SAS and how B2B
SAS has been evolving. I think we've
probably seen a lot of changes the past
couple of years and even more than what
happened over the past 20 years even
though I wasn't in an active I would say
in the professional life at the time but
I can I can definitely relate. I think
there's been so many changes and it
keeps changing so fast. So always
interested in hearing how other people
are you know working the processes we're
putting in place the systems the
motions. So yeah.
>> Awesome. Good stuff Charlotte. Really
appreciate the chat. No worries. Thanks
for the time, Sam. Thanks for having me.
>> And there we have it. I hope you found
this breakdown of use. And if you want
to join thousands of B2B legends
enjoying the Breaking B2B newsletter
where you can instantly unlock my 90
days to revenue SEO and AO playbook and
video guide. Head over to
breakingb2t2b.com and hit the newsletter
tab and you're going to unlock all of
that instantly. Or hit the link in the
description below. And with that, I
shall catch you on the next one. Chess.